# Purpose

> This file summarises the use of AI within this codebase. AI use is EXPLICT, as in ONLY code 
and/or files mentioned within this document are modified or generated by AI, otherwise all code in this codebase 
is created by a human.

## src/

### components/

`CalcPlaceholder.tsx` design & skeleton by human, remaining implemntation by AI

General component structure / hierachy suggested by AI & modified & implemented by human

`Navbar.tsx` originally generated by AI & heavily modified by human

`widgets/`

* `ABCWidget.tsx` originally generated by AI and modified by human
* `LocationWidget.tsx` "Error" + accuracy box generated by AI & copied to other compnents
* `MapWidget.tsx` originally generated by AI but content fully redone by a human


### lib/

`useGeolcation.ts` uses [this documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/GeolocationCoordinates/longitude), modified with AI assistance to conver to typescript

### pages/

`settings.astro` server status component generated by AI

### styles/

`tailwind.css` various minor modifications from previous edits done by AI, furhter modified by human

# Other References / Acknowledgements

This repository used [a template](https://github.com/shaunchander/astro-pwa-starter) STRICTLY to get PWA functionality to work at a basic level. The author has explicitly allowed unlimited use in the public domain. All original code within the `src/components/` directory and `src/assets` directory was completely deleted before work began on this project.

AI was otherwise used for brainstorming & pre-marking the code within this repository and screenshots of the website. Unless explicitly stated above, changes suggested by the AI were critically analysed and implemented by a human. AI did not come up with the idea, the design of entire components / pages, or any design aspects such as colour, typography, sizing or functional / non-functional requirements. This document was not generated by Ai.